Ref/docs/clouds (#2834)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/overview/clouds.md

For Constellation, the ideal environment provides the following:

1. Ability to run arbitrary software and images inside CVMs

> 2. CVMs based on AMD SEV-SNP (available in EPYC CPUs since the Milan generation) or, Intel TDX (available in Xeon CPUs since the Sapphire Rapids generation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. CVMs based on AMD SEV-SNP (available in EPYC CPUs since the Milan generation) or Intel TDX (available in Xeon CPUs since the Sapphire Rapids generation)
```

| **1. Custom images**              | Yes       | Yes     | Yes     | Yes                  |
| **2. SEV-SNP or TDX**             | Yes       | Yes     | Yes     | Depends on kernel/HV |
| **3. Raw guest attestation**      | Yes       | Yes     | Yes     | Depends on kernel/HV |
| **4. Reviewable firmware**        | No        | No      | Yes     | Depends on kernel/HV |
| **5. Confidential measured boot** | Yes       | No      | No      | Depends on kernel/HV |

## Microsoft Azure

With its [CVM offering](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/confidential-computing/confidential-vm-overview), Azure provides the best foundations for Constellation.
Regarding (3), Azure provides direct access to remote-attestation statements.
The firmware runs in an isolated domain inside the CVM and exposes a vTPM (5), but it's closed source (4).

> On SEV-SNP Azure leverages VM Privilege Level (VMPL) isolation for the separation of firmware and the rest of the VM, on TDX they leverage TD partitioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On SEV-SNP, Azure uses VM Privilege Level (VMPL) isolation for the separation of firmware and the rest of the VM; on TDX, they use TD partitioning.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/l/leverage
